"x"
"1" "problem sorted."
"2" "The customer care executives revert"
"3" "Still My issue regarding the payment is not solved."
"4" "The manner in which the information sought was given was nice.It was complete. However I wish that the internet account information also include the gross spends made by me in a card year."
"5" "I had to call twice to have the problem resolved. It would have been better if the issue had been resoved on the first call itself."
"6" "More access and acceptance of cards is a problem"
"7" "Horrible service."
"8" "Unfortunately it is comparatively accepted by limited number of Vendors. Their basic grouse is the %commission it too high and sometimes or rather most of the times this Burden is passed on to the Card Member which technically is serious!!!!"
"9" "I should have been provided exact date of revert. It has been 10 days now and I have still not heard from team!!!"
"10" "Resolved the issue on the fly while I was on call."
"11" "The credit amt on my card is reduced due to extranneous factors.i.e. so called CIBIL report which itself is age old & do not have any updated data. If you are going to rely on their data GOD it shows how premitive is your working culture. Do not agree with your policy of reduction without intimation & am surprised to hear comments by your service executive that not having used card fully is the criteria but the opposite is the fact you keep reducing amt & how do you expect us to use card? When I countered this question, you have no answer. It only means that you are not interested in having long term relationship but limited one. Let it be that way if this is what is your so called policy is."
"12" "Just follow up. I was said I will hear back in 48 hours which never happened. Terrible"
"13" "I would suggest you stop BUGGING your card-holders with value-add proposition, especially when I tell your CE executive (am sure outsourced) that I'm not interested. Inspite of it, for the same product, I get calls 3 times a day, which is irritating and bad experience."
"14" "Respond to the customer's issue"
"15" "Unfortunately they check all details again irrespective of i enter thru valid data authentication or not company does not have a reach for a common man. your cards are not accepted at the basic shops where a common man will visit. these are accepted in Jewellary shop and in Expensive malls not in regular malls and shops"
"16" "The person talked very nicely.... I was assured a call back with resolution to my problem, however I am afraid that was not the case. The issue is open for more then 3 months and has not been closed."
"17" "Courteousness and cooperation in solving the problem."
"18" "Whenever I tried to use card either for shopping or online purchase, many of the merchants refuse to accept it. Shocking"
"19" "i raised the online dispute against this transaction again no action was taken against this fraud transaction and i even did not receive any call from company then finally when second debit occured at my card. I was forced to call customer care and ask them to pay my remove the charges against my card as i did not authorise these chrages occuring in US dollars."
"20" "understood the seriousness of the situation and offered help"
"21" "The details punched in through IVR didn't get recognised and I had to verify my identity once again verbally wasting time which could have been avoided.."
"22" "expensive card"
"23" "I raised issue regarding few grocery stores who don't accept card even being partner with the company. The executive was very quick to raise the issue further by sending email to higher authority. However seeing the expected result will be more satisfying."
"24" "i wish to say that during my short tenure as a customer, i found it to be the most dishonest bank that i've dealt with till date."
"25" "It was regarding 1.Excess usage of limit- more particularly by making excess payment, the customer support executive listen to the difficulties and immediately agreed to accept suggestion and 2. Issue of Additional Credit card and she noted the request immediately."
"26" "I had called for an payment issue on the card where my bill amount did not match the payment that company did on behalf of me to vodafone , the person tried to match the figure during the call but could not find and asked me for addiotional time and he told he would call me once he gets things verified, that was ok as infomation was needed to be collected, but the call only came in evening, This actual was disappointing if the card was by any chance misused than i was exposed for a day which does not make sense, It is ok the call rates are high and could not reach in case of any other qurey you get delayed but no in case of misused card or such queries."
"27" "Though the executive was able to convince me to keep the card but still she has no answer to the limited acceptability of card. According to her i' d use the card for bill payment, utility payments. But it this the gud use of a Diner Card."
"28" "The call was made for debiting the card membership fees to bill. At the time of purchase of card I was advised that for fees first the call will be made to me and then only the fees will be levied. However this did not happen and the bill for Sept 2011 was with the Annual card fees. Moreover on observing the same I came to konw that the annual fees was debited two times in same statement this was puting salt on the wound. When I contacted the customer service executive on 7.10.2011 it was advised to me that the the double billed Annual card fees will be removed and the fees will be reduced to Rs. 2151/- and a credit of 5000 points to my card account. Also it was advised to me that an email to this extent will be sent to my email id. Till date I have not recd any email confirming above. "
"29" "All issues were resolved"
"30" "Have not received any acknowledgement of the solution so I am still worried that has it been done."
"31" "Rep should understand the issues and then try to help."
"32" "i gave information on one of the establishment - Columbia Asia hospital not accepting your cards. i was told that there will be a revert within 2-3 days on the same. i have not yet received any update whether it has been resolved or not."
"33" "Wth all my rewardpoints been transferredtKingfsher every month I don't dee any value in this as Kingfisher service standards have gone from poor to worst. I needed to redeem te ticket by virtue of spnding 5.25 lcs but could not contact Kingfisher. No body was responding to the call (even your executive tried but failed). I don't see s solution in sight and a made to think - WHY am I using this card?"
"34" "nothing i can think of - it was the policy which needs to be looked into. Secondly I am having a lot of difficulty getting accepting of my card - outlets bluntly refuse or charge upto 4% for swiping my card. I have been struggling to get acceptance to buy a LED TV at different outlets."
"35" "company did not give any consideration to old members which is disheartening."
"36" "I din't have to struggle in explaining the problem. Once I conveyed problem, immediately they helped me by taking the action and confirmation on spot. Excellent service and quick action"
"37" "The executive was hardly able to help on the issue and showed least interest in resolving it"
"38" "It solved my problem quickly..."
"39" "Was able to help me very with my issue."
"40" "My query remain unresolved. Basic query should be resolved"
"41" "some executive do not respond well.All executive/officers should be trained to be customer focused.They sometimes show their helplessness that system do not allow them to do this or that.However when the same problem is taken to senior officers it is generally addressed well.so the customer care executives should also be competent to address the problem of a customer quickly."
"42" "My concern was not taken seriously. Even after the customer care executive commited to revert me back in a time period told by him/her, I did not get any response from them."
"43" "Most outlets charge an extra 4% handling charges if we have to swipe this card.Something needs to be done about this .horrible"
"44" "The rep should be more concerned in solving the problem Try to be reasonable with customers like me. I have given you a lot of business but you are equally involved in the issue as if it is not your policy to allow online betting than why did you allow it at first instance & continued for months. You even did not knew about it till I requested you to enhance the limits after reviewing my card usage & payments & you conveniently canclled the card without admitting your mistake. I tried using my other cards but they denied the same transaction which you allowed . The attitude is not acceptable as you even did not even warn me of misuse. I admit my mistake which happened due to lack of knowledge on the gambling policy but should have systems in place to disallow such transction at the first instance & rather covering your acts at a later date on the cost of the customer. Please understand the issue with an open mind & review my case."
"45" "She gave an order id which did not solve the problem."
"46" "My problem is still not resolved. I cannot download my pdf statements from the website! Solve my problem; I am not interested in calling up anymore."
"47" "YOU COULD GIVE MORE INFO THAT THIS CARDS IS NOW ACCEPTED WHEREEVER WE NEED TO USE A CARD. BUT MAJORITY DECLINE AND ASK VISA.WHY SO PL."
"48" "Better liaising with merchant (Tata Sky) to sort out the problem. I was being tossed from one party to the other, each blaming the other. The problem was simple - Tata Sky's BillPay system would not recognize me as a valid payee because I was not the customer, but they insisted this wasn't the problem, and that the problem was with company."
