"score" "text"
"3" 0 "INCREASE NUMBER OF OUTLETS WHERE CARD IS ENTERTAINED"
"11" 0 "quick response was not provided"
"12" 0 "wider acceptability of card in line with VISA OR MASTER. This is lacking now."
"17" 0 "Please do not misguide customers If company would have kept to its brand and not promised and then backtrack on the services offered."
"18" 0 "As per my last conversation with customer care guy,he would give me a call regarding my query.But he didn't come back.That is pathetic. Better services..still i am not seeing in this card."
"20" 0 "Company should have worked out a solution with the Kingfisher to help me book the tickets The Kingfisher co-branded card needs to be more felxible to tranfer the points earned to King miles based on customers needs and not one fixed day of the month. it should be customer friendly instead of a simplistic solution for company. I had to incur a finacial loss of approx Rs. 1400 because of the inflexibility"
"22" 0 "Gesture, greeting and quality talk"
"23" 0 "Good greetings, understand customer problem and assured to deliver replacement card within 3 days. I got it. Thanks to the phone banking officer."
"25" 0 "I expressed my inability of not using the card. Because when I used it in Koutons. System did not accept the card. it was asking for pin, which was never communicated to customer. The representitive collected the info but no feedback or update further on this. To make it excellent representative to be more customer oriented."
"27" 0 "Their was no politeness and please resolve the issue without forwarding the call to some senior for help"
"28" 0 "That time I was truing to register my card on your site. but i faced some issue so called n that guy is very helpful and he register my card within a minute."
"29" 0 "The help was Promt and I got my blocked card unblocked in < 1 day. The representative was too good to solve my problem on high priority basis."
"33" 0 "Every time when I contact to call center I found that they always talk with an attitude and unfocused."
"37" 0 "The behaviour & the manner of param the executive which is handling the call & understanding the situation & need of customer what the customer wants & clear the issues wisely without any hassles"
"39" 0 "I would expect an answer immediately on why my payment is not showing up in my card account. More importantly, I made the payment on 15th Oct and the money was debited from my RBS account immediately, which essentially means the money should have credited to my card account on the same day. However the payment later showed up in my card account with a date of 21st Oct, which is not acceptable. I would expect these information to be provided in the call."
"40" 0 "I had to call twice to make my request addressed, same could have been done in one call itself"
"42" 0 "I enquired about how to view unbilled transaction. I did not got an answer and still waiting for a call back."
"48" 0 "An immediate solution could have been offered but it was not"
"60" 0 "You should not had asked me to call bill desk directly. I do not consider bill desk as my service provider."
"62" 0 "You are asking me to rate a particular call when I called to cancel the card services rather than asking my experience with company and why I am cancelling the card. Too little too late to be asking this question."
"69" 0 "Immediate action which was not done. I felt that the action was rather beauracratic and not needed"
"71" 0 "THE RATE OF INTEREST FOR SPEND CONVERTED ON EMI SHOULD BE LESS."
"74" 0 "The attitude of the person attending my call and his approach to be with me till the issue was resolved made it excellent"
"77" 0 "payments made by us through NEFT does not get credited in our acoount and only on next statement 's receipt we get to know we have experinced this few times and found out mistake are from your end and not from our end pleaase set right your system otherwise i will not use thiss card"
"78" 0 "The support executive has resolved my issue on the timelines she specified"
"81" 0 "The Executive was quick to understand the need, provided dates by when reversals would be completed. And most importantly, I did not have to follow up."
"83" 0 "Call me with your feedback on the action taken to the pt i raised. Responsive customer service with action taken attitude. Wider acceptance of ur card is an issue."
"88" 0 "The Support executive did not understood my problem."
"91" 0 "There was no executive to answer the query.the phone was on hold for infinite mins.to get details of kingfisher miles and bookings another no had to be contacted which also had very poor service Improve your service,have more customer relationship managers and after we have opened a new account for 6 months the CRM should contact regularly for any assistance"
"92" 0 "Very fast understanding of the problem, quick solution and execution, very much favourable to me and well thought suggestions made to resolve my problem."
"93" 0 "Your executives should do what they promised to do.when they say they will call back they never do so. They should stop asking irrelevant questions."
"104" 0 "all the information was precise and no cause for complains from my side."
"109" 0 "Its been two months now and I have still not received my card."
"110" 0 "The phone service executives should be enpowered with certain tools so that they can take decisions"
"114" 0 "The waiting time is to be reduced The user credentials to be validated once - At the IVR and let not the customer repeat the card number and other details multipletimes to the CSR Inclusion of more merchant outlets that accept the card. Reduction of the processing fee to be in par with the card providers such as VISA and MAstercard"
"119" 0 "More Rewards on Kingfisher Card. When we are not travelling much it will be of no use to convert the existing points to King Miles."
"123" 0 "Executive has taken complete ownership to resolve the issue. Provided the correct information and excellent follow up to understand the closure of the issue."
"133" 0 "It is great experience. I could have got to know issues proactively"
"137" 0 "Waiting time was too long before we could discuss"
"146" 0 "The agent advised me that company was doing me a favor by taking up disputed amounts with the merchandiser. I had to report the same dispute in May 2012 as well but it was only rectified partly."
"150" 0 "Since I am deputed out of India most of the times for months, I may have to cancel my cards or atleast know the procedure to do so while I am abroad."
"153" 0 "The deadline to dispute a transaction should be extended. Now it is 60 days but often I am not able to review my statements within 60 days. Need better recourse and protection against charges made by unscrupulous merchants"
"159" 0 "provide me a case number and do a call back as it was promised. Nothing was done and I haven't still received my card and also not very sure if my address details have been changed or not. this is a kind of service that I was not expecting. Pathetic."
"165" 0 "1. Responsiveness 2. Taking responsibility of my service request 3. Taking exception to accept my request"
"166" 0 "Quick understanding my requirement/query and promt action there of by your executive"
"168" 0 "The number mentioned on the Green Card does not exist"
"173" 0 "Taken the call with more responsibility."
"181" 0 "I wanted a new PIN number. I was asked to fax the form to your Gurgaon number which I did. I have not received the PIN Number till date, nor any further response from company I should have been provided my PIN number for helping me to withdraw cash. Or at least there should have been a call from your Customer Service Executive in case of any problem."
"184" 0 "Be a bit more logical in the approach to resolve the issue."
"196" 0 "The communication and the intent to help."
"204" 0 "The wait was longer than expected Wait period"
"206" 0 "People, customer care and service"
"207" 0 "A premium card has to come with premium services. After this experience I cannot convince my friends of the same."
"211" 0 "Reduce high service charges in a few places"
"215" 0 "1. On 2nd Nov or so I had taken prior approval for Rs. 2 lakhs payment to a Delhi hotel. The hotel would accept the card provided I paid 4% extra charge. I did not use the card. Unacceptable"
"216" 0 "Get me the resolution after many followups"
"221" 0 "Solved my problem!! I still don't have an answer to what do i get now as Kingfisher Gold tier is gone... what are you doing to compensate me against this..."
"227" 0 "Had i got complete information regarding qualification for the promo."
"240" 0 "speaking to the customer care executive was very informative"
"243" 0 "Acceptance of credit cards is a big pain. Even talking about the big retailers, the card is not accepted at more than 50% big retailers. And in case of day to day purchase stores or small to medium retailers, the card acceptance is even less than 20%. So I would not feel secure going for shopping with only this card, who knows it might not be accepted where i shop."
"248" 0 "She was very helpful. This was my second call regarding a similar concern, so instead of making me repeat the entire story like other CSRs (which is very frustating) she took a moment to brief herself with the background of the issue and continued the call after that."
"249" 0 "To resolve an issue, instead of replying with a pleasant conversation only."
"250" 0 "This is a lapse in your internal procedure for which we are being penalised which is hell. we hope to receive fresh vouchers in our favour at the earliest. maybe if you included more hassle free operation and reduce your fees."
"256" 0 "NOTHING SPECIFIC.MY ONLY REQUEST IS THAT YOU MAINTAIN THE CURRENT LEVEL OF SERVICE MORE ACCEPTABILITY OF company CARDS SIMILAR TO VISA / MASTERCARD"
"259" 0 "cut down the time. It is not accepted in many stores and you have very limited offers running . Not good."
"262" 0 "The service agent was extremely helpful & forthcoming !! I was able to find a solution to the problem due to his persistence."
"264" 0 "you need more retail tie up. more than 50% outlets do not take it. no specific benifit and very low card penetration"
"279" 0 "it was resolved immediately"
"283" 0 "Very disappointed to realize after having 3-4 rounds of conversations with your senior CSD executives as well, that they could not manage a simple request of getting my Bill Cycle changed. The same was committed to me by the sales guy who'd come to me for selling the card, this, alongwith many other mis-promises has made my initial experience extremely painful. Finally, I'd made up my mind to get the card cancelled, but now, I'm merely keeping it, but will not shift my expenses onto this card. Prior to the purchase, I was promised many privileges, none of them came true. I even asked the sales guy to mail me across whatever he'd told me, even that mail has not yet come."
"286" 0 "The representative was very cordial and was able to sort out my issue with ease in a short time"
"289" 0 "I am waiting for the response committed to me."
"291" 0 "I wanted to the point conversation which did not happen."
"293" 0 "The agent told me that he would call me the next day at 9PM to collect details of my other bills on which i wanted to setup an ECS instruction. But no one called back."
