"score" "text"
"1" 3 "Warm, friendly, courteous & helpful nature of the person. Listening with intent to understand, help & resolve issue customer was facing"
"4" 2 "THE PERSON TALKED TO ME VERY RESPECTFULLY AND TO THE POINT. HE WAS VERY RESPONSIVE OF MY QUERRIES."
"5" 1 "Better response from customer service is excepted."
"6" 2 "Courteous and polite consultant."
"7" 2 "He was helpful and did tell me the best way to use my points."
"8" 2 "The kind of offers and the kind of treatment you get of being card holder and kind of service and support you receive is great"
"9" 1 "It was very helpful in answering the query and providing the solution."
"10" 4 "My experience with customer care has always been great. She was courteous & professional and moreover I could feel from my interaction with her that she was eager to to help. I was delighted."
"13" 2 "Prompt response to queries, mails raised by customers rather than asking me to contact some body else. Donot look for more business, if your service is not prompt."
"14" 1 "Prompt & Candid response...rather putting up more questions."
"15" 3 "Time and aginn the same old issue is being referred. I do not want to pay card renewal charges as in 2003 I was offered a free card and upgradation along but for some reason he is enjoying free membership but mine was withdrawn? there after I do no not want to sbcribe turbo reward but every year you keep on charging"
"16" 2 "Better support / knowledge of the people"
"19" 1 "Executive was very cordial and helpful."
"24" 2 "the approach is so client friendly and reasonable solution based."
"26" 3 "Its always a great experience talking to your phone banking officers. They are well empowered and clearly demonstrate that customer is in focus. Whole industry talks about customer experience but they fail and you really mean what you say.Really appreciate the best/class services provided by you to your customers."
"31" 1 "Improve customer service levels.........."
"32" 2 "It is very helpful for me for Reset my Password of my login, from Security point of view I can faith on this service, thanks a ton."
"34" 2 "I think the best part of the response and energy with which the associate responded. Very pleasing to hear and very helpful..great service overall"
"38" 1 "The way executive explain my query was really nice and he was able to solve my all queries."
"43" 2 "Excellent customer service and very friendly"
"44" 1 "Not only the call on 2nd Feb..there have been calls in the past as well where im concerned about my experience dealing with company and despite promising to arrange a call back from a concerned person, there is no call that i get, no response i get. Please have a look at the calls done in the past as well and you would know what needs to be changed/improved."
"45" 3 "Being more polite, not raising voice, not banging down the phone you need to be patient and polite with the customer and talk with a smile on your face and not get irritated"
"46" 2 "They were proactive and helpful"
"47" 1 "RESPONSE TIMELINE SHOULD BE MORE POLITE AND TELE CALLERS HAVE BECOME A MENNACE."
"49" 1 "Customer requirements should have been met/fulfilled The terms and conditions that are prevailing at the time when a customer sgns up for your product should not change in future, like you did in case of Kingfisher First Credit Card that the rewards points are compulsarily now being transferred to King Club miles. Whereas, i wanted to retain the points for products in rewards catalouge."
"50" 1 "detailed information and understanding of the person explaining the product features and policy was excellent."
"51" 1 "The representative I spoke with was very courteous, understood the reason of my call, attended the call in a very professional manner, provided all the relevant information to me."
"53" 1 "The executive had a clear understanding of the subject"
"54" 1 "If I would had been given the permission to use my card to buy jewellery from the back end team would have really been nice."
"55" 1 "One of the conditions I stated when I signed up for the card, which was confirmed by the sales re., was that I could choose my card's billing statement monthly scheduled date. However, the customer service rep. stated that this could not be done. Why sell the card on false promises? As mentioned in my previous response. Adtionally, card is not widely accepted as I was led to believe - and I have checked this in India, UAE and the US"
"56" 2 "The approach, the style, the helpfulness, the friendly nature. Absolutely fantastic team"
"57" 1 "Every things explained by agent and help provided was very good"
"58" 1 "Improve your service to customer."
"59" 2 "By providing offers and solutions by which the reward points could be used more effectively."
"61" 2 "the way she lead me to solve my issues is excellent and the concern and the way she spoken to me was really good , when i compare the people who speaks to me from citi bank credit card department, the lady to whom i have spoken was 100 % perferct.Every person should have such kind of nature to treat the customer well."
"63" 1 "Meet the commitments promised"
"64" 2 "Unfortunately, company does not deliver what they promise. YOU have mentioned free domestic tickets if we spend Rs. 1,75,000/- on your card . your dictionary of free means only for base fare ( a joke. Free means Rs. 200 ) and we have to bear the brunt of taxes."
"65" 1 "The card service is neither widely available or acceptable compared to other cards."
"66" 3 "The person on the call gave me an excellent advice on my query like how should I go ahead, he was very polite and understood the requirement easily!!"
"67" 1 "No clear resolution. Made me attempt something twice with the problem not being fixed each time. However, ensured my card does not get charged. Sadly, blamed it squarely on the merchant, even though I clearly mentioned that I have never been able to transact online with ANY merchant using my card. Accept the error/bug in your system. Provide a tangible solution, along with time lines when the solution would be in place and a follow-up call from someone at with a clear explanation of what was done to fix it."
"68" 3 "Better understanding of my needs. 1. Mobile secutity alerts while shopping. 2. E Mail statements, which I am not getting. 3. People refrain from annual charges. 4. Compitetion has better offers and better acceptability."
"70" 4 "Professional response to the query. Helped right away. Great work overall."
"73" 2 "Even though the call was made at a non-concerned department it was routed very promptly & with courage to the concerned department. The executed helped in as much as short time as possible."
"75" 1 "Best in services..benefits"
"76" 3 "The executive was courteous,patient and came across as genuinely interested in helping the caller. Better credit terms. company's billing policy is difficult to understand. Billing and payment should be similar to other cards like HDFC (which i rate as the most customer friendly bank)."
"79" 2 "I had asked for upgraading of my card from Gold to Platinum. I am given a ref. no. and promise that rep will call me on 3rd or 4th June when I was going to be in Mumbai. Neither anyone has called nor there is any furhter response. Unprofessional"
"80" 3 "Personalised and receptive respondent and was very pleasant and helpful."
"82" 2 "Well the girl who answered was extremely helpful to my needs."
"84" 1 "The courteous way in which representative spoke. She looked extremely glad to speak to me again. In this age of constant stress and tension, someone making you feel that special is no more common. Hence calling this company is a pleasant experience for me."
"85" 3 "My request was well understood, attended to by your representative. I appreciate this quick and efficient service."
"87" 2 "Clear and to the point response on the query. Compared to my earlier calls where lot of promises were made but no action at all even after many calls."
"89" 1 "The rep was excellent and he was great while understanding my concern."
"94" 2 "customer Rep attitude towads resolving my call and her honest followup made the expirence Excellent. She definately made me feel the diffrence your service levels as compared to others"
"95" 4 "The cheerful and warm attitude of the Customer Service Representative with whom I spoke made my day. He was very helpful in providing all the information sought by me and was proactive in his approach."
"96" 2 "Prompt solution , pleasant conversation ,no waiting time"
"97" 3 "My query got resolved promptly and she really helped answer all my questions. Actually i had toquit in between the call, but she called back and made sure my queries are resolved. Delighted"
"98" 1 "Customer care people were very professional and addressed customer concerns timely with utmost care to leave customer in good state."
"99" 2 "Willingness to help and recognition for loyalty"
"101" 1 "The executive was very prompt. He took the initiative to call me back and inform me after resolving the issue. This call back is very much appreciated."
"102" 2 "I spoke regarding a supp card application ! he handles the call very nicely! best service ever.."
"103" 1 "clarity & quick response.."
"105" 1 "The way the Executive spoke on the phone was very kind and courteous. She was quite eager to sort out my problem."
"107" 1 "More analysis into customer purchase history and payment pattern is appreciable. Offers made to customer could become more relevant then. As mentioned earlier, relevant offers must be offered to customers. For e.g. if a customer has purchased a LCD recently, he must be offered a deal for DVD player or home theatre and not on another LCD TV."
"112" 1 "Miscommunication was avoided. It was a pleasant experience."
"113" 1 "The agents courtesy and willingness to help"
"116" 1 "acceptance is too low. not a great card i would say."
"117" 5 "The agent has given the information which I did not know and it helped me to decide what action I need to take on my card account. All my queries were solved so I think it was excellent service not just only because the agent gave the proactive information but also because they provided good options and offers. So overall it was a excellent service."
"118" 3 "The rep was very polite and did helped me to generate pin with ease..Thanks for your support"
"120" 1 "A simple followup & update the same which is a milli second Job.Could not see the same from your end. To be very frank,never atleast with the present scenario.The reason being CARD,is not at all accepted & i am not confident of carrying only this card for my swiping of transcations.It may be a renowed MNC,but a lot to be done for making it acceptable."
"121" 4 "The executive sounded like he was reading from a script, was slightly hesitant at first, was not clear in his speech to start with but warmed up along the way.He was able to answer my query about a dubious email from company as well as information about my payments status. He was polite and courteous and the call ended well."
"122" 4 "The Customer Service Representative was very polite, warm and had a very Customer Centric approach. The call was at midnight (at 1.00 am ) , yet he was very alert and energetic . His approach towards call handling made the service I received excellent."
"126" 2 "No improvements free of charge please....."
"127" 2 "The representative was very friendly and helpful."
"128" 2 "It was a very good experience and the rep was helpful."
"129" 1 "More or less it was a nice experience."
"130" 2 "You need to improve concierge service to be able to secure table reservations and seats at sports events in the city."
"131" 5 "Had contacted to understand issuance of redemption vouchers for Indigo Airlines. The call was attended promptly and courteously. The person on the other side responded enthsiatically to my request. The entire redemption request process took just couple of minutes and it was a customer delight. As stated by the Service Executive, the e- redemption vouchers received within 48 hours."
"132" 2 "Very courteous eager to help attitude of the associate."
"134" 1 "The call was handled in the best of the ways..kudos.."
"138" 4 "Customer Rep got me what i always wanted.....a free kingfisher ticket extension. also, her strong communication skills made it a pleasure speaking to her. it was fantastic !"
"139" 2 "faster response, clearly understanding requirement of user"
"140" 2 "The quick and appropriate response needed with the warmth required."
"141" 2 "Things explained on the phone could have been discussed over e-mail (information on how dinning discounts and free movie tickets etc., could be availed). While the customer service personnel was helpful, long and detailed gyan over calls is not so happening."
"142" 2 "It was a first call resolution given in just a few seconds...the consultant was proactive and helpful and understood my concern very well.."
"145" 1 "My query could not be answered by CSR since he himself was also not clear on the same . Hence i repeat once again that as a card owner if I am not able to use for payment settlement at big jwellary house / a big shopping malls than this card is of no use to me and its incentive schemes can never be achieved by any user."
"147" 3 "Very good handling of queries. Clear communication. Proactive responses."
"148" 1 "An appointment was taken for following up with few documents. I would have appreciated if somebody was sent to honour the appointment. Nobody turned up. Its not widely accepted. I was surprised when even big hospitals like Apollo Hospital also did not accept Cards. Horrible experience"
"149" 2 "Good support from the CSR"
"151" 1 "acceptance at outlets should be improved"
"152" 3 "instant information and polite behavior As this card is internationally acclaimed and online friendly."
"154" 1 "Nothing as such, just the yearly membership fees are too high as compared to other banks providing credit card. Infact most of them provide it free."
"155" 1 "A quicker response time is needed. more to the point answers."
"156" 3 "i am still not able to make out you ppl spend so much on IT but still getting the information for s person takes endless time.....should improve this waiting time. Well better service"
"157" 1 "I made many changes and Customer Representative was very responsive"
"158" 3 "Very prompt response and redressal by your Mumbai Sales team which almost wanted me to return my card 1. Your sales team was the pits, their supervisor even more so. No response let alone any redressal. Cust Rep in the 24x7 phone banking set that right very promptly."
"160" 2 "The politeness of response and the accuracy of detail was great."
"161" 2 "The executive was very courteous, friendly and professional. My problem was quickly understood and promptly rectified."
"163" 2 "Understanding the request and providing resolution in the fastest and courteous manner."
"164" 1 "I called to upgrade my gold charge card to platinum charge card. i was told to expect a call on June2nd, but as it is, I am yet to receive a call."
"169" 3 "Very courteous conversation, great help, resolved my questions in just one call. I am very happy with the service."
"171" 2 "Rep was courteous. Amazing experience."
"172" 2 "He is very helpful and supportive."
"174" 1 "I am very happy with your service and as always never have wait for an answer !"
"176" 2 "Courteous Policies in the repayment structure need to be re-looked at. Customers are not at all trusted."
"178" 4 "The response was so spontaneous and prompt that it made me personally feel happy and releaved of a burden. It was a treat to the whole crisp conversation. Thanx Just keep it up , Kudos !!!"
"179" 3 "The caring attitude (perfect !), the to-the-point and clear responses and the executive was easily understandable."
"180" 2 "just a quicker reply and better speaking english personal."
"185" 2 "No waiting time Accurate answer Courteous agent"
"186" 9 "The Agent who spoke with me was very good at his work. He was able to solve my problem in less than 24 hours and also get back to me within the promised time. His customer dealing was excellent. He was able to put me at ease with his friendly and helpful manner. He understood the problem well and spoke clearly. He is clearly well-trained and exhibited a customer oriented approach. I am very happy with his dealing."
"187" 2 "my cheque was not credited even after sending 10 days earlier. so I asked for remedy, as i was worried, the executive who attended me over the phone was very nice and told me not to worry and told me nicely what to do, which really made me very happy and followed his instructions"
"188" 2 "First have the customer details when they are discussing. If you promise to call back please do or atleast send an email that if not what customer think ? Check when you are taking how it is helped to the customer with your answers or actions ...."
"189" 2 "personal attention by your executive, very warm and helpful"
"190" 2 "The warmth and understanding displayed by the executive was exemplary"
"191" 1 "Professionalism, courtesy and clarity"
"192" 3 "The quality of customer service agents is fantastic. And I remember asking her name as she was very helpful. I think her name was Isha. She was very very helpful."
"195" 2 "Could have briefed about the best offers available or could have ask about mine interest on the different fields for shopping."
"197" 4 "the customer care representative was very much polite and understands what ever my query was and the reply also was clear and satisfied. The way they greet,answer for queries is excellent."
"198" 1 "If company shows care for long time customers like me and providing services based on customer profile"
"199" 2 "The Rep was very polite and tried her best to help me out..excellent cs...well done !!"
"200" 1 "The kingfisher offer of free tickets on the KF FIrst Card is an absolute lie. And therefore, i may not recommend company to anyone"
"201" 1 "I was promised a call back from someone senior to answer my queries fully but never got a call back"
"203" 3 "I enjoy speaking to customer care executives as they ar filled with energy and very positive. They try to help us positively"
"205" 1 "Although a reference number was given at the time of my first call, I was assured that I would be contacted within 48 hours which never happened. When I called my request was not agreed by the bank even though I have had an excellent track record for the past 12+ years with the bank."
"208" 4 "Customer Rep was very polite and patient. I could see her willingness to help address my queries. She followed up to resolve my issues. Great support!"
"209" 2 "The agent was very friendly & was able to answer all my queries well."
"210" 1 "very less waiting time to talk to the CSR. Very responsive and professional CSR"
"212" 1 "The response to my query could have been faster."
"213" 2 "Service provided by your rep was excellent, infact i have am very much satisfied with your customer service... I have never turned up as disappointed customer. Every time i call Call center they provide extra mile service by providing all related information ... Please cinvey my Sincere thanks to Team and do appriciate them for going extra mile."
"214" 1 "a little bit of understanding. rather then being \"right\""
"217" 2 "Agent was courteous and much appreciate in listening and communication skills"
"218" 2 "I have two relationships with company; a personal (Gold Charge) and a Corp one. Whenever I call company I get a worm welcome and the representatives always deal with my queries/issues with all the empathy that, as a customer, I expect. Irrespective of whether they can address the issue or have an explanation for it, the process of deligance is always pleasent when I reach out company. Above then always mention company as family"
"219" 1 "A follow-up call would have been better. Because, I raised a query, and was informed someone from Delhi will contact me. Never happened till today. \"Keep the words\". I was told I will be given a call back in 3-4 days. Never happened and still waiting."
"220" 1 "the response to the query shld have been short and instant when the situation demanded the same solved my query and revoke the benefits that were there in the card...now the card is advantageous for company and not the customer"
"222" 1 "Empathy demonstrated by the person who taken my call. Not only she followed up on my concern but proactively also called me to update the status - amazing service!"
"224" 4 "What was missing was the seamless transfer of information between two card accounts of the same person. I had to resubmit the proofs, which shaved of two days off the already short time before my trip to the UK. I still haven't received the add-on cards that were promised. '- Lesser joining fees - better benefits for the card holder who recommends"
"225" 2 "Good product understanding , good communication , desire to serve the customer"
"226" 3 "My request was promptly addressed and resolved in one go. Also the talk was pretty friendly and didn't sound artifical at all; it felt as if i talked to someone i know."
"229" 3 "Customer rep was extremely cheerful and helpful. Having gone through a tragedy in the last few days, his cheerfulness and instant help were much appreciated and well received. Please do give him my regards and commendations. Keep it Up!"
"230" 2 "Even though I can't see the customer service rep, it seems like they're enjoying their job and are actually looking to help out."
"231" 4 "Courteous response excellent mannerisms good command over the language above avg responsiveness good comprehension of the query"
"232" 1 "Quick response & Clarity of communication."
"233" 2 "The waiting period to answer specific query could be avoided by transfering the call to the concerned senior who could have helped me directly The clarity given to me on accounting the EMIs in the monthly statement. Total payable amount in statement is not clear"
"234" 2 "The call was fine, but I was expecting answer for the India Health Card but received only the soft copy of the policy which I believe was sent to me early."
"235" 1 "rep was courteous"
"236" 4 "politeness and information which the executive was having was really good. Guidance provided by the executive was really helpful."
"237" 3 "The person who handled my call was not only very helpful but also pleasing to talk to, she very promptly was able to answer my queries and help me with my request."
"239" 2 "Excellent customer support executives"
"241" 1 "offers should be explained by the agent properly."
"242" 1 "The tone of the customer service representative, the way they speak, the manners, it all represents the best to me"
"245" 2 "Rep heard my situation out without jumping to any conclusion. She showed empathy. Thank you!"
"246" 1 "the executive listened to me attentively and immediately understood my reason for calling. Very effectively and politely she then provided me with solutions that exactly catered to my requirements."
"247" 1 "The kind of help and guidance provided on line to complete the transaction."
"251" 5 "Little more patient hearing. Although I believe the AGENT was POLITE and HUMBLE enough. But should have been a good listner and given the customer full chance to speak"
"252" 1 "My Main call is that while i was shopping at a Business center, they actually want to charge 2% of my Bill amount. which ws not fair. so when i contacted the customer support, they assured that it wud b resolved. after handing over the call to the Business manager, the issue was not resolved. i feel lost after assurance from your team."
"255" 1 "The rep was courteous and she knew what she was doing."
"257" 3 "The prompt solution by the executive...the way he interacted...the spirit and happiness to help was super!"
"260" 2 "The executive was very polite, made me feel important and promptly addressed my concern."
"261" 1 "1. Solving my problem - My reward points were transfered to my Kingfisher account without any prior initimation. 2. Change of the terms and conditions of the Card. 3. Request for change of card. No one called back or visited me as promised. Already Answered."
"265" 2 "The information and I asked was provided promptly. I was very impressed with the courtesy, quality and service of the agent."
"266" 1 "Good customer interaction & understanding"
"267" 2 "I wanted timely delivery of the Reward certificate for Taj Malabar, which I got."
"269" 8 "I have been travelling like Columbus and Vasco di Gama - 29 days a month and well, I was tensed about the payment I made which I made against my outstanding and the person other side listened my concern and made me complete comfortable. Service is superb, I felt I am talking to the person whom I know well. Thank You All.. Keep the good work going."
"270" 3 "one of the agent said that doing calculations is not her job.. whereas all the previous executives have helped to the best of there abilities.. so i think she was arrogant but post that another agent came online and helped.. mostly the exp is good with customer care..... i think you need to work on the statement format.. its totally confusing..... and doesnt share exact info..."
"271" 1 "The Customer Care representative should be more polite. This girl was helpful but rude."
"274" 1 "The Rep sounded as she actually cared about my issue and was extremlly polite and courteous"
"276" 2 "Quick response - clear understanding of my requirement. Easy verification."
"277" 3 "When i had conversation with that guy, it feels that i am talking with him daily, no stranger thoughts. he greeted me with very natural way it feels that i am talking to someone i know very well. his attitude towards handling the customer on behalf of routine things talking was marvelous... thanks for the excellent training... cheer up guys..."
"278" 1 "Customer Service should allow me or facilitate transfer of points to Kingfisher as and when I want it - not when the bank wants!"
"280" 4 "I was completely satisfied with the answers for my queries. The customer service executive was courteous, warm and welcoming. This was the first time I had such a pleasant on-call experience with any of the banking service providers."
"281" 1 "I had to block my card and the representative did it within seconds and she spoke very nicely"
"282" 1 "My query has not been resolved. Had been promised a call back in the next 4 working days and have still not received any to date."
"285" 1 "the rep was not helpful."
"287" 1 "Personalized attention given to the customer Call got disconnected thrice, but the concerned executive could offer a call back, rare in the said industry. Delighted with the service level & customer focus that company has for its customers"
"288" 1 "Executive was really helpful and professional"
"290" 2 "supportive , friendly"
"295" 1 "The support provided by the agent"
"296" 2 "precise, with a perfect solution"
"297" 1 "1- Quality of the people is far better than anyother customer service. 2-Knowledge of the product. 3-They value the caller and not take them for granted."
"300" 1 "Treat current customers with courtesy and respect. New business will automatically follow. Most of your cutomer service officers are rude in their tone and speak as if they are doing the customer a big favour."
